Better explanation in readme (#89)
kenchris/urlpattern-polyfill: README.md

globalThis.URLPattern = URLPattern
```

## loading as CommonJs module

```javascript
// Conditional CJS module loading (Node.js)
if (!globalThis.URLPattern) {
   require("urlpattern-polyfill");
}
/** 
 * The above is the recommended way to load the CommonJs module, as it only
 * loads it on demand, thus when not natively supported by the runtime or
 * already polyfilled.
 */
require("urlpattern-polyfill");

/** 
 * In case you want to replace an existing implementation with the polyfill:
 */
const {URLPattern} = require("urlpattern-polyfill");;
globalThis.URLPattern = URLPattern
```

> ## Note:

> > No matter how you load the polyfill, when there is no implementation in your environment, it will _allways_ add it to the global.

Reviewer: Always with one l

> > No matter how you load the polyfill, when there is no implementation in your environment, it will _allways_ add it to the global.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> No matter how you load the polyfill, when there is no implementation in your environment, it will _always_ add it to the global object.
```
